OK, without wasting much time,
let's get into it.
So this is a basic register form.
One thing I wanna highlight over here,
whether you are a new user who's coming in
from a household that doesn't already exist,
or do you already have housemates
that are using this app?
If you do, then you just basically.
Say that you want to join them.
Ask them for a reference code and put it in.
But if you want to create a new household,
you don't have any housemates,
then you go for the second option
and you name your household here.
But for me, I already have a household,
so I'm just.
I'll explain where I got this code later.
So we're here.
We created a new user.
And I got the code
from here from this tab,
household info and the code is right here
and you can just ask your housemates for
already using the app for the code and so.
Without wasting much more time,
let's get into the bill splitting part OK,
but before that,
let me show you what I would happen if I
try to log in without the correct details.
If I try and enter a user that
is not inside the database.
It basically gives me.
Yeah, 'No account with that username found'.
And if I enter,
a username which is already inside the database,
but with the wrong password.
It gives me 'Incorrect log in details'
So let's log in back.
So Next up, let's go to Bill splitting,
part OK. So we go to 'To Receive'.
OK, so and let's create a new
bill because we have no bills.
We just created this user so.
OK, let me give you a bill title.
How about electricity?
I also implemented the
functionality of a deadline.
I'll show you how later and I wrote
a little JavaScript to you know null
out the dates that are before today.
And let's add in the image of the bill.
OK, another additional functionality
is I can split it with one housemate.
I can split it with more than one housemates,
not necessarily all.
But in this case, I want all of them.
And as you can see,
my notifications get updated,
so I have a bill for a debtor, who is Narmatha.
And the bill's name is Electricity
the same thing with Juliana and I'll
show you how this comes to play.
Later on, for now,
let's go and log in. This is Narmatha's home page.
And as you can see,
like we created the bill electricity earlier
and she got a notification saying that,
oh, Abhiraaj introduced a new
bill and she owes me 10 bucks.
OK, but for now she wants to pay this
bill when she goes to the 'To Pay' page.
She says this is the bill we created.
Oh there is a bill that is overdue,
so it's highlighted in red,
so I have to pay this first,
right?
So she immediately has to pay this
and once again she chooses a proof.
A proof of her payment.
And she has an option of either
clear clearing either part of
the bill or the whole bill.
One more thing I want to highlight over
here is that she can if she tries to
clear more than how much she owes, £15.
It basically doesn't let her do it so
she's gonna have to pay the whole bill.
So and she clears the Bill.
Right,
she just cleared her lunch bill and.
The debt the notification has been
updated so Juliana has been has
been notified of a clear request.
So let's go to Juliana's page.
So and here, as you see,
this is the bill that we earlier and she
said she claims to have cleared this bill.
And
So let's go to the bill particular bill.
So that's lunch, right?
And as you can see,
she's highlighted in yellow because
Narmatha has submitted a claim request,
but the claim request hasn't been approved.
So now we're trying to approve it.
So let's go.
And see oh OK,
so now the claims they've cleared
this bill and below is the proof
of payment successful
So she closes this bill.
And if you can see.
Narmatha has cleared the bill,
and since Narmatha was the only debtor
that owed money in this particular bill,
all debts for the bill has been cleared,
so we return to the home page.
The bill just disappears.
Oh Jules(Juliana) has another
bill. And Oh my God OK Narmatha has
also claimed we have cleared this bill.
Oh-uh, what is this? This is not a proof
of payment. This is a picture of a cat.
So Jules isn't happy she wants more proof.
So she just reverts this bill back to Narmatha.
After doing this, the debt has been reverted.
And if you return to the bill page.
The debt is still there as a conclusion.
This is a recap of my additional
functionalities #1 my website
can handle more than one household
inside the system #2 you can split
your bills with selected housemates.
It's not necessarily all of them #3.
There's the implementation of a deadline
functionality, overdue, #4.
There's ability for a receiver.
to revert a bill if provided proof
is not sufficient. That's all from me.
Thank you.